I don't know if I can stand it
Um, don't come over.
I am in flower clothes
Don't come over.
Wait, what's wrong with you?
Yes, yes, there is obviously no one around
You obviously don't miss us.
These are useless to me
Don't waste your time, Taoist priest
Longevity scale
What a cruel heart!
What's wrong with you, Daochang Sun?
Why do you have the same symptoms as me?
Since there is only one hour left to live
Zhao Shaocheng, you are so vicious
Sun Da, you are amazing
Hurry up and pinch your fingers to save yourself
You, you, your beard, your beard, chant quickly
Pinch your fingers to save yourself
Ouch.
Hey, how could you possibly save my life?
Where did your Qi family offend Immortal Luoshen?
Haha fairy forgive me fairy forgive me
Fairy save me
Come on, I can't let you follow what?